---
layout: post
title: "France is sinking"
categories: politics
---

France ship had too much culpability inertia after WWII and hasn't been able to avoid the multiculturalism iceberg. 
At first, no one was really aware of this little crack. After all, only the machinery workers were dealing with excess water and they seem to accept the idea of working with water up to the knees.
They are getting flooded up to neck and a lot of them evacuated. After a big inspiration, the last ones evacuated under water, holding their breath, some will hold it for eternity. last one had to take a deep breath hold their breath.some of them will hold it for the eternity. 
Middle class cruise passengers have moved their belongings to the higher stages since the carpet was getting wet. A lot of them went to the deck to listen to the Macron's band playing their famous hit : "can't live without water", a cover from a cover, from a cover, from a cover of the original song of Francois Mitterand.
The band just finished to play it for the 50th time and people kept applauding, some more enthusiastically than others.
French people love this song. They hum at the moment they get up until they go to bed. They are incapable of remembering a single word, but yet when Carine from Human Resources starts singing the couplet, they all join in chorus: "Water is healthy, drink it or you'r a nazi !".


I care way more about this magnificent ship, feat of beauty and ingeniosity the entire world envies, than the tacky tourists contrasting with the refine decor. There are surrounded by paintings, sculptures and delicious food and they don't care if all of this getting wet. 
